Hi Charit!

We were finally starting to feel settled in our city of Coimbatore. It was fun getting to know Sue's cousin's family who lives here, they are nice people, and there was never-ending interaction with shopkeepers, small restaurants and tradespeople of all sorts. Both fun and unfuriating, as nothing happens quickly and nothing is done quite right. :-) Sue took a while to get her strength back from the Dengue fever and still needs to get the vaccine, but we found out it's better to wait some time after falling ill. We may go to Singapore for it later this year.

Anyway, our trip in March back to the US kept getting postponed by client schedules. We finally went back last month but unfortunately that didn't take us to San Diego after all, as we originally planned. So I'm sorry we didn't get to see you, which would have been nice. Instead we were splitting time between TX and VA, hopping between various little towns - if you recall, our product HealthSecure is for jails, and county jails aren't in big metros. 

We stopped in Italy for a bit on the way back to India, which was very nice, to celebrate our (upcoming) 25th anniversary. We just did it on the spur of the moment to break the long journey back to India but it turned out very nicely; we landed in Naples to visit Pompeii and then went to the Amalfi coast, then further east into Puglia before returning. Lovely country, especially in the spring.

Work with HealthSecure has picked up a bit and right now things are super-busy with client installations (we have to stay up till 3am local time to attend meetings, many days). We have one more trip to make to the US next month (VA, MN this time) to make some clients live. After that I hope to have some peace.

The last bit of big news is that Sue did get awarded the Fulbright (I hope that we told you she had applied). She is officially going to start that project in July. She has to get some sort of "research clearance" from the Indian government but that should be just a formality. The award stipulates only 14 days off for its entire duration, so she won't be able to leave India for a year or so. I might have to visit the US on my own later in the year, unfortunately, but will try to minimize that.

Again, I hope you are doing wonderfully, and enjoying lovely San Diego. We kept reading news of all the rain and "super blooms" and stuff, green with envy. This region where we have just settled in, is also gripped in a historic drought just like California was. Bah!! It'll probably be that way as long as we're here.

Do drop a note when you have a chance. Take care,

Andrew


SpiralFX Interactive, LLC
(214) 497-6573 direct
(877) 857-2539 toll-free
(214) 853-9186 fax
